README.md, before:

![cosmic red cover image](https://assets.codepen.io/527512/twitch_cover.jpg?width=1000&height=200&format=auto&fit=cover)

> Bookmarks that I ❤️ 
------------------------

| [Blogs](#blogs) |
[Courses](#courses) |
[Design Tools](#design-tools) |
[Dev Tools](#dev-tools) |
[Palette Colors](#palette-colors) |
[CSS](#css) |
[Design Systems](#design-systems) |
[Free Games](#free-games) |
[SVG Intro](#svg-intro) |
[SVG Tools](#svg-tools) |
[SVG Filters](#svg-filters) |
[SVG Generators](#svg-generators) |
[Icons](#icons) |
[Focus Time](#focus-time) |
[Codepen Collections](#codepen-collections) |
[People you should follow on codepen](#people-you-should-follow-on-codepen) |


### Blogs

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Smashing Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/) | Cool articles for improving design and development skills | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |
| [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) | Keep up to date on webdev with articles and guides | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |

------------------------

### Courses

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Coding for Designers](https://www.codingfordesignersbook.com/) | Demystifying Code and Learning JavaScript | `Coding`, `Course` |

------------------------

### Design Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Visbug](https://visbug.web.app/) | Open source browser design tools | `Design`, `Tool` |
| [Resources for designers](https://resourcesfordesigner.com/) | The Best Curated Resources for designers | `Design`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### Dev Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Wappalyzer](https://www.wappalyzer.com/) | Find out the technology stack of any website | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/recorder/) | Record panel | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [Create Figma plugins](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/#quick-start) | How to develop Figma plugins | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [What devs need](https://whatdevsneed.com/) | Tools Collection | `Development`, `Tool`, `Collection` |
| [DevDocs](https://devdocs.io/) | DevDocs combines multiple API documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface | `Development`, `Tool`, `Collection` |

------------------------

### Palette Colors

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Scale](https://hihayk.github.io/scale/#4/6/50/80/-51/67/20/14/1D9A6C/29/154/108/white) | A generative way to create color scales | `Design`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### CSS

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Learn CSS](https://web.dev/learn/css/) | Learn with web.dev | `CSS`, `Course` |
| [Layout Patterns](https://web.dev/patterns/layout/) | Snippets in CSS | `CSS`, `Course` |
| [CSS Layout](https://csslayout.io/) | Popular layouts and patterns made with CSS | `CSS`, `Snippet` |
| [CSS background patterns](https://superdesigner.co/tools/css-backgrounds) | A collection of 100+ free css patterns | `CSS`, `Patterns` |
| [CSS Animations](https://css-animations.io/) | CSS animations course | `CSS`, `Animations`, `Learn`, `Course` |
| [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com/) | CSS triggers | `CSS`, `Performance` |

------------------------

### Design Systems

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/design-systems-for-developers/) | Design Systems for Devs | `Design Systems`, `Course` |
| [DS Engineering](https://medium.com/ci-t/the-complete-guide-about-design-systems-engineering-cd332cf520f2) | The complete guide about design systems: Engineering | `Design Systems`, `Article` |

------------------------

### Free Games

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [CSS Selectors](https://flukeout.github.io/) | Learn CSS Selectors | `CSS`, `Game`, `Learn` |
| [Cant Unsee](https://cantunsee.space/) | Select the design that is most correct | `UI`, `Game`, `Learn` |

------------------------

### SVG Intro

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Alligator](https://alligator.io/svg/svg-resources/) | Where to get started with SVG and our curated list of resources | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/lodge/svg/) | Everything You Need To Know About SVG | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [I hate tomatoes](https://ihatetomatoes.net/svg/) | A list of useful SVG resources, that helped me while learning how to create, export, optimize, embed and animate SVGs | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial) | This tutorial aims to explain the internals of SVG and is packed with technical details | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [Dev Docs](https://devdocs.io/svg/) | Getting Started with SVG | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Learn` |
| [SVG on the web](https://svgontheweb.com/) | SVG on the Web a Practical Guide| `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [Cubic Bezier](https://cubic-bezier.com/#.17,.67,.83,.67) | A better tool for cubic-bezier() easing | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### SVG Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG Artista](https://svgartista.net/) | Super handy SVG drawing tool| `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Animista](https://animista.net/) | Animista is a place where you can play with a collection of pre-madre CSS animations | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [SVG path visualizer](https://svg-path-visualizer.netlify.app/) | Enter an SVG path data (the string inside the d attribute) to visualize it and discover all its different commands | `Animation`, `SVG` |
| [Essential SVG tools](https://andyfitzsimon.com/posts/essential-svg-tools/) | Article with SVG tools explained | `Animation`, `SVG` |
| [Image to SVG](https://svgco.de/) | A PWA to convert raster images to SVG vector graphics | `SVG` |
| [SVG to React](https://react-svgr.com/playground/) | SVGR let you transform SVG into React components everywhere | `SVG` |
| [Warp SVG](https://pavellaptev.github.io/warp-svg/) | A simple online tool that allows you to warp, bend, and distort SVG files | `SVG` |
| [SVG editor](https://editor.method.ac/) | Online SVG editor | `SVG`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### SVG Filters

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG filters](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/02/19/svg-filter-effects-creating-texture-with-feturbulence/) | Learn how you can use the powerful SVG filter primitive <feTurbulence> | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects` |
| [SVG Animated text fills](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/02/16/create-animated-text-fills/) | A tutorial on how to create various types of (animated) fills and strokes for text using different techniques including CSS and SVG | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |
| [SVG Animated text fills Demos](https://tympanus.net/Tutorials/AnimatedTextFills/index.html) | SVG text with animated dashed stroke pattern | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |

------------------------
  
### SVG Generators

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [bbburst](https://fffuel.co/bbburst/) | SVG generator for confetti-like explosions of shapes | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Pixel Art Generator](https://fjolt.com/article/css-pixel-art-generator) | Draw your pixel art | `Design`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Generator](https://app.haikei.app/) | Generate unique SVG design assets for websites | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [Hero Patterns](https://heropatterns.com/) | A collection of repeatable SVG background patterns for you to use on your web projects | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Waves](https://svgwave.in/) | Generate SVG Waves | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Bg](https://wickedbackgrounds.com/backgrounds.html) | Generate SVG Bg | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Backgrounds](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com/) | Generate SVG Backgrounds | `SVG`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### Icons

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG icons](https://cloudfour.com/thinks/svg-icon-stress-test/) | Which SVG technique performs best for way too many icons? | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [SVG sprites generator](https://svgsprit.es/) | Drop SVG files to create the Sprite | `SVG`, `icons`, `sprite` |
| [Lordicons](https://lordicon.com/icons) | Lordicon is a beautifully designed and animated icon set with a powerful library and endless integration options | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Iconoir](https://iconoir.com/) | Iconoir is one of the biggest open source libraries with currently 974 SVG Icons | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Icon CSS](https://css.gg/app) | Open-source CSS, SVG and Figma UI Icons available in SVG Sprite, styled-components, NPM & API | `SVG`, `icons`, `CSS` |
| [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com/) | eautiful hand-crafted SVG icons, by the makers of Tailwind CSS | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Boxicons](https://boxicons.com/) | Simple vector icons carefully crafted for designers & developers | `SVG`, `icons` |

------------------------

### Focus Time

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Soundrop](https://naim30.github.io/soundrop/) | You can use this tool to build a sound mix that will help you become more productive, focused, or relaxed | `Music`, `Focus` |

------------------------

### Codepen Collections

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG inspiration](https://codepen.io/collection/XvBQJQ/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj01) | Workshop: Advanced SVG Animations by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Codepen` |
| [SVG animations](https://codepen.io/collection/XvBrJr/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj01) | My Favorite SVG Animations by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Animation`, `Codepen` |
| [SVG resources](https://codepen.io/collection/DkNQaP/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj00) | SVG Resources by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Animation`, `Codepen` |

------------------------

### People you should follow on codepen

| Link  | Avatar  | Tags  |
| ----- | ------- | ----- |
| [Adam Argyle](https://codepen.io/argyleink) | ![Adam Argyle avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/2585/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1580330623&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Amelia Bellamy-Royds](https://codepen.io/AmeliaBR) | ![Amelia Bellamy avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/91525/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=3&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Ana Tudor](https://codepen.io/thebabydino) | ![Ana Tudor avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/2017/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `Sass`, `Javascript` |
| [Cami Williams](https://codepen.io/cwillycs) | ![Cami Williams avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/654994/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `CSS` |
| [Cassie Evans](https://codepen.io/cassie-codes) | ![Cassie Evans avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/756881/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1524331517&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation`, `GSAP`, `SVG` |
| [Cassidy Williams](https://codepen.io/cassidoo) | ![Cassidy Williams avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/242759/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1602964466&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Chris Coyier](https://codepen.io/chriscoyier) | ![Chris Coyier avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/3/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=48&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation`, `Javascript` |
| [Chris Gannon](https://codepen.io/chrisgannon) | ![Chris Gannon avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/35984/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1549273595&width=50) | `SVG`, `Animation`, `GSAP` |
| [Christina Gorton](https://codepen.io/cgorton) | ![Christina Gorton avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/780593/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1628355354&width=50) | `SVG`, `Animation`, `GSAP`, `CSS` |
| [Eva Santos](https://codepen.io/SoyEva) | ![Eva Santos avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/258542/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=14&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Joan León](https://codepen.io/nucliweb) | ![Joan León avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/14381/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1574875780&width=50)| `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Julia Muzafarova](https://codepen.io/miocene) | ![Julia Muzafarova avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/1329536/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1554277129&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS` |
| [Lea Rosema](https://codepen.io/terabaud) | ![Lea Rosema avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/90647/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1591476955&width=50) | `WebGL`, `GLSL`, `SVG`, `Canvas`, `CSS` |
| [Mandy Michael](https://codepen.io/mandymichael) | ![Mandy Michael avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/209981/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |
| [Noel Delgado](https://codepen.io/noeldelgado) | ![Noel Delgado avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/9473/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=3&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `CSS`, `SVG` |
| [Rachel Bull](https://codepen.io/rachel_web) | ![Rachel Bull avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/328575/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Rachel Nabors](https://codepen.io/rachelnabors) | ![Rachel Nabors avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/641/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1503182209&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `WAAPI` |
| [Rachel Smith](https://codepen.io/rachsmith) | ![Rachel Smith avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/53148/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1543465791&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `SVG`, `Particles`, `WebGL` |
| [Sasha Tran](https://codepen.io/sashatran) | ![Sasha Tran avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/845908/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1546825900&width=50) | `CSS`, `SVG`, `Animation` |
| [Sara Soueidan](https://codepen.io/SaraSoueidan) | ![Sara Soueidan avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/9674/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1550482004&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Sarah Drasner](https://codepen.io/sdras) | ![Sarah Drasner avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/28963/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |
| [Sarah Fossheim](https://codepen.io/fossheim) | ![Sarah Fossheim avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/3445183/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1573597468&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Val Head](https://codepen.io/valhead) | ![Val Head avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/13034/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `P5.js`, `GreenSock` |
| [Yuán Chuān](https://codepen.io/yuanchuan) | ![Yuán Chuān avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/52982/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1626273964&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation`, `GreenSock`, `Javascript` |

------------------------

[Carmen Ansio](https://carmen.codes) | [@carmenansio](https://twitter.com/carmenansio)

Commit message:

Add toolhunt in dev tools section

README.md, after:

![cosmic red cover image](https://assets.codepen.io/527512/twitch_cover.jpg?width=1000&height=200&format=auto&fit=cover)

> Bookmarks that I ❤️ 
------------------------

| [Blogs](#blogs) |
[Courses](#courses) |
[Design Tools](#design-tools) |
[Dev Tools](#dev-tools) |
[Palette Colors](#palette-colors) |
[CSS](#css) |
[Design Systems](#design-systems) |
[Free Games](#free-games) |
[SVG Intro](#svg-intro) |
[SVG Tools](#svg-tools) |
[SVG Filters](#svg-filters) |
[SVG Generators](#svg-generators) |
[Icons](#icons) |
[Focus Time](#focus-time) |
[Codepen Collections](#codepen-collections) |
[People you should follow on codepen](#people-you-should-follow-on-codepen) |


### Blogs

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Smashing Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/) | Cool articles for improving design and development skills | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |
| [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/) | Keep up to date on webdev with articles and guides | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |

------------------------

### Courses

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Coding for Designers](https://www.codingfordesignersbook.com/) | Demystifying Code and Learning JavaScript | `Coding`, `Course` |

------------------------

### Design Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Visbug](https://visbug.web.app/) | Open source browser design tools | `Design`, `Tool` |
| [Resources for designers](https://resourcesfordesigner.com/) | The Best Curated Resources for designers | `Design`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### Dev Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Wappalyzer](https://www.wappalyzer.com/) | Find out the technology stack of any website | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/recorder/) | Record panel | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [Create Figma plugins](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/#quick-start) | How to develop Figma plugins | `Development`, `Tool` |
| [What devs need](https://whatdevsneed.com/) | Tools Collection | `Development`, `Tool`, `Collection` |
| [DevDocs](https://devdocs.io/) | DevDocs combines multiple API documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface | `Development`, `Tool`, `Collection` |
| [Toolhunt](https://www.toolhunt.dev/) | Quality devtools that are changing the game | `Development`, `Tool`, `Collection` |

------------------------

### Palette Colors

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Scale](https://hihayk.github.io/scale/#4/6/50/80/-51/67/20/14/1D9A6C/29/154/108/white) | A generative way to create color scales | `Design`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### CSS

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Learn CSS](https://web.dev/learn/css/) | Learn with web.dev | `CSS`, `Course` |
| [Layout Patterns](https://web.dev/patterns/layout/) | Snippets in CSS | `CSS`, `Course` |
| [CSS Layout](https://csslayout.io/) | Popular layouts and patterns made with CSS | `CSS`, `Snippet` |
| [CSS background patterns](https://superdesigner.co/tools/css-backgrounds) | A collection of 100+ free css patterns | `CSS`, `Patterns` |
| [CSS Animations](https://css-animations.io/) | CSS animations course | `CSS`, `Animations`, `Learn`, `Course` |
| [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com/) | CSS triggers | `CSS`, `Performance` |

------------------------

### Design Systems

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/design-systems-for-developers/) | Design Systems for Devs | `Design Systems`, `Course` |
| [DS Engineering](https://medium.com/ci-t/the-complete-guide-about-design-systems-engineering-cd332cf520f2) | The complete guide about design systems: Engineering | `Design Systems`, `Article` |

------------------------

### Free Games

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [CSS Selectors](https://flukeout.github.io/) | Learn CSS Selectors | `CSS`, `Game`, `Learn` |
| [Cant Unsee](https://cantunsee.space/) | Select the design that is most correct | `UI`, `Game`, `Learn` |

------------------------

### SVG Intro

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Alligator](https://alligator.io/svg/svg-resources/) | Where to get started with SVG and our curated list of resources | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/lodge/svg/) | Everything You Need To Know About SVG | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [I hate tomatoes](https://ihatetomatoes.net/svg/) | A list of useful SVG resources, that helped me while learning how to create, export, optimize, embed and animate SVGs | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial) | This tutorial aims to explain the internals of SVG and is packed with technical details | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [Dev Docs](https://devdocs.io/svg/) | Getting Started with SVG | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Learn` |
| [SVG on the web](https://svgontheweb.com/) | SVG on the Web a Practical Guide| `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Learn` |
| [Cubic Bezier](https://cubic-bezier.com/#.17,.67,.83,.67) | A better tool for cubic-bezier() easing | `Animation`, `SVG`, `CSS`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### SVG Tools

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG Artista](https://svgartista.net/) | Super handy SVG drawing tool| `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Animista](https://animista.net/) | Animista is a place where you can play with a collection of pre-madre CSS animations | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [SVG path visualizer](https://svg-path-visualizer.netlify.app/) | Enter an SVG path data (the string inside the d attribute) to visualize it and discover all its different commands | `Animation`, `SVG` |
| [Essential SVG tools](https://andyfitzsimon.com/posts/essential-svg-tools/) | Article with SVG tools explained | `Animation`, `SVG` |
| [Image to SVG](https://svgco.de/) | A PWA to convert raster images to SVG vector graphics | `SVG` |
| [SVG to React](https://react-svgr.com/playground/) | SVGR let you transform SVG into React components everywhere | `SVG` |
| [Warp SVG](https://pavellaptev.github.io/warp-svg/) | A simple online tool that allows you to warp, bend, and distort SVG files | `SVG` |
| [SVG editor](https://editor.method.ac/) | Online SVG editor | `SVG`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### SVG Filters

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG filters](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2019/02/19/svg-filter-effects-creating-texture-with-feturbulence/) | Learn how you can use the powerful SVG filter primitive <feTurbulence> | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects` |
| [SVG Animated text fills](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/02/16/create-animated-text-fills/) | A tutorial on how to create various types of (animated) fills and strokes for text using different techniques including CSS and SVG | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |
| [SVG Animated text fills Demos](https://tympanus.net/Tutorials/AnimatedTextFills/index.html) | SVG text with animated dashed stroke pattern | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |

------------------------
  
### SVG Generators

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [bbburst](https://fffuel.co/bbburst/) | SVG generator for confetti-like explosions of shapes | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Pixel Art Generator](https://fjolt.com/article/css-pixel-art-generator) | Draw your pixel art | `Design`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Generator](https://app.haikei.app/) | Generate unique SVG design assets for websites | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [Hero Patterns](https://heropatterns.com/) | A collection of repeatable SVG background patterns for you to use on your web projects | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Waves](https://svgwave.in/) | Generate SVG Waves | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Bg](https://wickedbackgrounds.com/backgrounds.html) | Generate SVG Bg | `SVG`, `Tool` |
| [SVG Backgrounds](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com/) | Generate SVG Backgrounds | `SVG`, `Tool` |

------------------------

### Icons

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG icons](https://cloudfour.com/thinks/svg-icon-stress-test/) | Which SVG technique performs best for way too many icons? | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [SVG sprites generator](https://svgsprit.es/) | Drop SVG files to create the Sprite | `SVG`, `icons`, `sprite` |
| [Lordicons](https://lordicon.com/icons) | Lordicon is a beautifully designed and animated icon set with a powerful library and endless integration options | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Iconoir](https://iconoir.com/) | Iconoir is one of the biggest open source libraries with currently 974 SVG Icons | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Icon CSS](https://css.gg/app) | Open-source CSS, SVG and Figma UI Icons available in SVG Sprite, styled-components, NPM & API | `SVG`, `icons`, `CSS` |
| [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com/) | eautiful hand-crafted SVG icons, by the makers of Tailwind CSS | `SVG`, `icons` |
| [Boxicons](https://boxicons.com/) | Simple vector icons carefully crafted for designers & developers | `SVG`, `icons` |

------------------------

### Focus Time

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [Soundrop](https://naim30.github.io/soundrop/) | You can use this tool to build a sound mix that will help you become more productive, focused, or relaxed | `Music`, `Focus` |

------------------------

### Codepen Collections

| Link  | Comments  | Tags  |
| ----- | --------- | ----- |
| [SVG inspiration](https://codepen.io/collection/XvBQJQ/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj01) | Workshop: Advanced SVG Animations by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Codepen` |
| [SVG animations](https://codepen.io/collection/XvBrJr/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj01) | My Favorite SVG Animations by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Animation`, `Codepen` |
| [SVG resources](https://codepen.io/collection/DkNQaP/?cursor=ZD0wJm89MCZwPTEmdj00) | SVG Resources by Sarah Drasner | `SVG`, `Animation`, `Codepen` |

------------------------

### People you should follow on codepen

| Link  | Avatar  | Tags  |
| ----- | ------- | ----- |
| [Adam Argyle](https://codepen.io/argyleink) | ![Adam Argyle avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/2585/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1580330623&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Amelia Bellamy-Royds](https://codepen.io/AmeliaBR) | ![Amelia Bellamy avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/91525/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=3&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Ana Tudor](https://codepen.io/thebabydino) | ![Ana Tudor avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/2017/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `Sass`, `Javascript` |
| [Cami Williams](https://codepen.io/cwillycs) | ![Cami Williams avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/654994/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `CSS` |
| [Cassie Evans](https://codepen.io/cassie-codes) | ![Cassie Evans avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/756881/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1524331517&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation`, `GSAP`, `SVG` |
| [Cassidy Williams](https://codepen.io/cassidoo) | ![Cassidy Williams avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/242759/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1602964466&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Chris Coyier](https://codepen.io/chriscoyier) | ![Chris Coyier avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/3/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=48&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation`, `Javascript` |
| [Chris Gannon](https://codepen.io/chrisgannon) | ![Chris Gannon avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/35984/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1549273595&width=50) | `SVG`, `Animation`, `GSAP` |
| [Christina Gorton](https://codepen.io/cgorton) | ![Christina Gorton avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/780593/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1628355354&width=50) | `SVG`, `Animation`, `GSAP`, `CSS` |
| [Eva Santos](https://codepen.io/SoyEva) | ![Eva Santos avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/258542/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=14&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Joan León](https://codepen.io/nucliweb) | ![Joan León avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/14381/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1574875780&width=50)| `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `Javascript` |
| [Julia Muzafarova](https://codepen.io/miocene) | ![Julia Muzafarova avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/1329536/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1554277129&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS` |
| [Lea Rosema](https://codepen.io/terabaud) | ![Lea Rosema avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/90647/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1591476955&width=50) | `WebGL`, `GLSL`, `SVG`, `Canvas`, `CSS` |
| [Mandy Michael](https://codepen.io/mandymichael) | ![Mandy Michael avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/209981/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `CSS`, `Effects`, `Animation` |
| [Noel Delgado](https://codepen.io/noeldelgado) | ![Noel Delgado avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/9473/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=3&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `CSS`, `SVG` |
| [Rachel Bull](https://codepen.io/rachel_web) | ![Rachel Bull avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/328575/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Rachel Nabors](https://codepen.io/rachelnabors) | ![Rachel Nabors avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/641/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1503182209&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `WAAPI` |
| [Rachel Smith](https://codepen.io/rachsmith) | ![Rachel Smith avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/53148/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1543465791&width=50) | `Animation`, `Canvas`, `SVG`, `Particles`, `WebGL` |
| [Sasha Tran](https://codepen.io/sashatran) | ![Sasha Tran avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/845908/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1546825900&width=50) | `CSS`, `SVG`, `Animation` |
| [Sara Soueidan](https://codepen.io/SaraSoueidan) | ![Sara Soueidan avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/9674/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1550482004&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Sarah Drasner](https://codepen.io/sdras) | ![Sarah Drasner avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/28963/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=4&width=50) | `Animation`, `SVG`, `Javascript`, `GreenSock`, `GSAP`, `Canvas` |
| [Sarah Fossheim](https://codepen.io/fossheim) | ![Sarah Fossheim avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/3445183/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1573597468&width=50) | `CSS`, `Animation` |
| [Val Head](https://codepen.io/valhead) | ![Val Head avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/13034/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1&width=50) | `Animation`, `CSS`, `SVG`, `P5.js`, `GreenSock` |
| [Yuán Chuān](https://codepen.io/yuanchuan) | ![Yuán Chuān avatar](https://assets.codepen.io/52982/internal/avatars/users/default.png?fit=crop&format=auto&height=50&version=1626273964&width=50) | `SVG`, `CSS`, `Animation`, `GreenSock`, `Javascript` |

------------------------

[Carmen Ansio](https://carmen.codes) | [@carmenansio](https://twitter.com/carmenansio)
